---
layout: post
title:  "TeleCom/Network Fundamentals (updating)"
categories: ComNet
tags:  ComNet Fundamentals
author: Yalin
---

* content
{:toc}

## Shannon C E. A mathematical theory of communication[J]. The Bell system technical journal, 1948, 27(3): 379-423. ([Available](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?arnumber=6773024&casa_token=WiKQfCdO8twAAAAA:ouC3m3eTvyxhbB6Fh0dgO7tdVgvnC-xDfcNwnI2uAfpxmDRMz6BlIOnNYGEC5T4rRhGbPUjybKTa&tag=1))

- Shannon's theory has wide-ranging applications in various fields, including telecommunications, data compression, cryptography, and more.
- The paper lays the foundation for modern digital communication and information theory.

## Feuerstein M J, Blackard K L, Rappaport T S, et al. Path loss, delay spread, and outage models as functions of antenna height for microcellular system design[J]. IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology, 1994, 43(3): 487-498. ([Available](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/iel1/25/7576/00312809.pdf?casa_token=6tBnv8eV7CIAAAAA:rPMYCA8NbFljv9mfI4LFxPjdER9hhqA9tOxKEvutF7rNupd6Y8yEJuhFQtAou79-yhFISRHSVwUb))

## Simon M K, Alouini M. A unified approach to the performance analysis of digital communication over generalized fading channels[J]. Proceedings of the IEEE, 1998, 86(9): 1860-1877. ([Available](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/iel4/5/15249/00705532.pdf?casa_token=P3h6VzGKKDMAAAAA:AuuZH_OwRKaen99KXi1nrmtqMDp2-eslD-MSADzCZcYR0VU2qGtDsB7JLu8bi8QSOWgM7nCVubQh))

This paper by Simon and Alouini offers a comprehensive and unified methodology for analyzing the performance of digital communication systems over generalized fading channels. It provides valuable theoretical insights and practical tools for understanding and mitigating the effects of fading in various communication scenarios. 

## Sarkar T K, Ji Z, Kim K, et al. A survey of various propagation models for mobile communication[J]. IEEE Antennas and propagation Magazine, 2003, 45(3): 51-82. ([Available](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?arnumber=1232163&casa_token=kJfMDqpqVdUAAAAA:t5cV_2saqMKOl58aUFztWjmKl0srkHU4UxzyEFiTTW0LV-yZ4QPlZ7WTYWSqTWW_Bk8iJR7B6jS7))

"A Survey of Various Propagation Models for Mobile Communication" by Sarkar et al. is a valuable resource that provides a comprehensive overview of the different propagation models used in mobile communication. It offers detailed insights into the principles, applications, and limitations of each model, making it a useful reference for researchers, engineers, and practitioners in the field of wireless communications. 

## Balanis C A. Antenna theory: analysis and design[M]. John wiley & sons, 2015. ([Available](https://ia800501.us.archive.org/30/items/AntennaTheoryAnalysisAndDesign3rdEd/Antenna%20Theory%20Analysis%20and%20Design%203rd%20ed.pdf))

"Antenna Theory: Analysis and Design" by Constantine A. Balanis is a comprehensive and authoritative resource on antenna theory and design. It is widely used as a textbook and reference guide for students, researchers, and professionals in the field of electromagnetics and antenna engineering. 

## Maral G, Bousquet M, Sun Z. Satellite communications systems: systems, techniques and technology[M]. John Wiley & Sons, 2020. ([Available](https://books.google.com.hk/books?hl=zh-CN&lr=&id=kdjIDwAAQBAJ&oi=fnd&pg=PR15&dq=satellite+communications+system&ots=FPCXYNelsz&sig=vY5lyUKpAuKdKOm-x5S_8q8LV6k&redir_esc=y#v=onepage&q&f=false))

"Satellite Communications Systems: Systems, Techniques and Technology" by Maral, Bousquet, and Sun is a comprehensive and authoritative resource that covers the full spectrum of satellite communications. It offers valuable theoretical knowledge, practical insights, and up-to-date information on the latest advancements and trends in the field. 

## Andrews J G, Ganti R K, Haenggi M, et al. A primer on spatial modeling and analysis in wireless networks[J]. IEEE Communications Magazine, 2010, 48(11): 156-163. ([Available](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/iel5/35/5621952/05621983.pdf?casa_token=SdD4VkXst20AAAAA:K9gdyHaprFqJZduElUWBcfe9uzuJioJyQq_PyJja9nBLBRiulTEp1j8PCE25ZM-2C4fqF3I-uPBQ))





